When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    A local machine can crash, causing you to lose work and your commit history.
    If it's remotely hosted this adds some redundancy.  Also a remote repository
    opens up the possibility of easy collaboration with others as well as working
    on the same project from different computers.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Automatic pulls wouldn't work out well if: A) you want to work with previous commits
    or if you're working with other people that could be changing things while you're
    working on something.  The best strategy is to pull changes only when you're sure
    you want to and ready to.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are a github-specific concept: it is a way to clone one user's repository on github
    to another github user.  A clone is a local copy of either a remote repository or another local
    repository.  A branch is a local repository concept in which a series of commits branches off from
    the master in order to keep these changes seperate and the master intact.

    Forks are used when you want to clone a repository directly on github.  Clones are used to pull
    from remote or local repositories.  Branches are useful for experimental changes that may
    impact the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can easily diff against it while offline and you can know if the file has changed remotely when
    you get back online.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
